feat: add --fail-threshold option (#197)
aconrad/pycobertura: README.md

::notice file=dummy/dummy4.py,line=1,endLine=6,title=pycobertura::not covered
```

> The following shows how to return a non-zero exit code when the total number of uncovered lines falls above the specified threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following shows how to return a non-zero exit code when the total number of uncovered lines exceeds the specified threshold.
```
